It's.
OK. So continuing on as before,
we'll have two types of pictures
in the study and this first one
that we see will be a complex
scene. So please describe what
you see and what is happening in
detail and please take between
three and five minutes.
And you can start when you're
ready.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK, so here we see a Waldo
scene. Dinosaur, spaceman ghouls
is the title. {reading the
caption Pew. Incredibly time,
space and horror.
Are in a mice model here? What
cosmic costumes and what great
special effects one of those
flying saucers looks like. It's
really flying. Are those real?
Aliens inside? Not actors at
all. So what's real and what's?
Made-up.
In films like this.} So it's a
it's a film set where people
are.
Filming various kinds of films.
So there's a there's a space
scene.
For flying saucers with
astronauts.
Doing space walks and floating
around. There is a rocket which
seems to have landed upside down
with its nose in the in the
ground.
There are.
Stage crews outside the scene
with with pulleys were there
actually suspending the the
spaceman.
Actors. But mixed in with this,
there are actually little green
men who don't look like they're
actors at all, but look like
they're in fact aliens.
And.
The you you see the film crew
actually filming the scene on
the edge of a
A gantry that is positioned over
the over the set.
You see
Planets in the in the background
with a man sitting on one of the
rings of the of the planet.
You see
A boat somehow, and probably
mixed in with this with this
scene.
Waldo seems to be in there with
the foot of one of the.
The the flying saucers that have
landed who are meeting with the
aliens.
But there are other scenes in
this in this movie set that are
being worked on. So there's a
also a set with with dinosaurs.
And caveman. The dinosaur
Seem to be pretty friendly and.
In fact, one of the
Tyrannosaurus rex are, he's like
giving a sticking his tongue out
and waving his fingers about.
There are.
Umm.
Let's see that there's there's
also a volcano in this set which
is erupting with two Cavemen
being spewed.
About out of the top.
Umm.
Down.
Below we see a dressing room
with.
Actors getting made-up.
Some of them are caveman. Some
of them are are.
Mummies which must be from a
different.
Set. Uh, some of them are.
Aliens.
And.
They there's a there, there are
doors, actually, which will lead
on to the to the caveman
dinosaur set.
There's a third set down at the
bottom of the picture.
Which is.
Uh.
It's, uh, it's not clear what
the what the scene is here.
There are certainly mummies
walking uh about. There's, there
are, there are green men, but
they look a little different
from the alien green men. They
look like green human beings.
There's a a monster. There's a,
a.
Yeah, I don't know. A cauldron
with smoke coming out of it. Uh,
stained glass windows, a
thunderstorm in the background,
bats flying around.
I'm not sure if it's a tree or
whether it's it's it's green.
Or whether it's some kind of
contagion. But it it's it's some
kind of horror movie, but in a
in a rather confused fashion.
And then.
Another piece of the image in
the bottom right hand corner is.
Looks like a a cafeteria where
actors in costumes are are
queuing up to get there.
Meal.
And they're all mixed together
with the aliens and the caveman
and other kinds of actors.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK, are all together.
All right. Perfect. Moving on.
So this one is very long. This
is the longest we've had and
just 44 slides. Well, yeah.
Through the story. Just keep in
mind that it's the longest one
we have.
So go fast, OK?
#START_wanderer So we we see.
Done in a striped shirt and some
kind of.
It's either a man or a demon
with horns coming out of their
head. They've they've got a
piece of paper, they're folding
it up and they're making a shape
out of it. They're making a
paper boat out of it. And the
the boat
Looks like it's been put on the
sea and there's this huge big
ship standing towards it with
with strange looking
cylindrical.
Sails built up with a very big
forecastle and what looks like a
diving bell underneath its keel.
We see a sea, a view of the sea
from high above. There are there
are seagulls flying and down
below is this little paper boat
the man and the demon had put
together.
Now we we're down at the surface
of the sea and we see 2 sea
turtles with checkered shells.
um looking at this boat with
curiosity and there's one of the
seagulls is also down there
inspecting the boat and to the
right there is.
Something. It's. I don't know
whether it's a creature or
whether it's a rock. It's black
with a lot of white spots.
One second wait. Oh no. The
second boat. Or maybe the first
boat getting closer. I'm not
sure.
Right. Maybe it's the second
boat, not sure. Anyway, the it
looks like this, the black thing
with white spots is actually a
fish with two big fins and the
the little boat is on top of one
of the fins and it's next to a
coral reef and there are all
kinds of breaches.
in the and the reef, including
one big fish with a like a
swordfish with a with a long
long projectile front and big
fin on its back.
And there are other fish
swimming around, too.
So we we now see a huge Shoal of
of fish.
Close to the surface of of the
water we're we're we're looking
sideways. The the water is the
surface of the water is almost
near the top of the picture and
the the boat, the little paper
boat is on top and there are in
fact some of the fish are coming
out of the water and lifting the
the boat above the water below
there's all this this coral with
many fish swimming swimming.
Through the coral and and
various other creatures and
anemones and.
Uh and seaweed and big fish. And
little fish.
And it's a very, very busy
scene.
Now we see we see two boats.
The one on the left.
Is.
Being.
Looked at by a.
Creature. It's got tentacles on
the end, maybe some kind of
squid, and it's kind of hooked
on to the bottom of the boat.
And the the other boat is.
Has a fishing rod sticking out
of it, as though there's
somebody inside fishing,
although you don't see the
person and it's.
Actually caught a fish on the
end of the line, which it is
maybe trying to.
Pull up but but we see that
there's a sea creature, very
strange looking alien type sea
creature with a pair of
scissors, which may be about to
rescue the fish by cutting the
line. There are other lots of
other fish around.
2 interesting ohh it they look
like they're fish, but they're
actually.
Humanoid kinds of creatures.
With bodies and arms and heads
of fish and they seem to be
kissing down below.
So now we see again.
To.
This looks like 2 scenes, one
with, with, with a boat with the
boat.
Heading towards.
A fish with its head out of the
water and on top of the fishes,
a sea horse with a with a
checkered pattern.
All kinds of coral again below,
whereas the second picture on
this page.
Shows the seahorse in the boat
and.
One of and and and a whole set
of.
I don't know what you call them.
Worms on the bottom of the of
the sea bed, but one of the
worms has got very long and it's
gone up to the Boat and in fact
looking over the side of the
boat into the inside of the
boat. There are some big flat
fish, maybe flounders.
Almost like raise, all of which
are great except one which is
white and one which is has
spots.
Now we see.
Umm.
The boat.
Approaching.
Um.
It's I guess it's still
underwater. There are a little
plants sticking up out of the
water, but it's sailing towards
a big forest of of trees, and in
those trees there are flamingos.
Perched at various points maybe,
I don't know, 30, 40 flamingos
are sitting in the tree that the
boat is sailing towards.
And now the boat.
It is in among the trees and we
see.
We see 3 flamingos in the
picture. We see that the the
trees are rooted down in the
water. It's not very deep, the
little fish floating around
between.
Umm.
With the big fish kind of in the
background and.
Smaller fish to the right with
interesting glowing eyes.
Have a starfish there, there are
other creatures around, OK.
Now it's it's getting a little
dark, maybe because of the shade
of the trees. The the boat still
has the little seahorse in it,
and the seahorse has a has a
hat, which is in the shape of a
of a small boat.
The the the paper boat is
journeying under the trees.
There are glowing eyes from
creatures. They look like maybe.
I don't know.
voles or.
Eels or.
Uh, they they look like they
might be a little hungry
actually. And that there are
there are birds sitting on a
branch of the tree that are also
have glowing eyes, and they're
watching the the creatures.
That they are.
It's coming down from the that
are looking down from the from
the trees. We see the body of
one of the creatures. Maybe the
creatures have.
have one body and many heads,
but we we see one pair of.
Legs of front and rear legs of
of a creature holding onto the
branch of the tree.
OK.
Now the.
We see on the right the the
boat.
Three of the the the trees where
the trees are to the left, and
the sea horse that was in the
boat has jumping off to join
three other sea horses which are
waiting at the edge of the
trees, and as the sea horse
jumps, the little boat type hat
falls off his his head.
It's.
And we, I mean maybe it's the
same.
Boat. The the. The.
I can't tell whether these are.
Yeah, there's a discontinuity in
the picture, so this is probably
just two pictures.
In the in the last time one was
the seahorse is still in the
boat but looking over the edge
and looking at a a creature and
in the right hand one, the the
scene as I described as the the
boaters come clear of the trees
and the the sea horse's is is
jumping out and and again there
are the various weird and
wonderful creatures down below
with.
Which with glowing eyes on the
left, white fish and A and a big
sea serpent on the right hand
picture.
So here there are clearly 2
pictures. One shows.
Looks like a whale smoking a
pipe with sea gulls on its on
its head and and small fish down
below. It's casting quite a big
shadow and then on the right we
see.
A different kind of creature
it's got.
Uh.
Crab like or lobster like claws
on its front and it's got legs,
and on its legs below its legs
are a whole bunch of ships that
have been wrecked and are under
the sea and on it's.
It's it's got a head with with
teeth and a glowing eye and.
On on its head is a a rod with a
with a with like a TV hanging
from the rod and the the Little
Paper Boat is approaching this,
this creature, maybe attracted
by the TV.
And now, uh.
We see.
A different.
scene. There's a
A moon with some strange or
maybe it's a sun, I don't know.
It's it's bright bright orb in
the in the sky, just above the
surface of the of the sea. There
are.
There's a.
There's a, the little boat is
there as a as a cat that is is
jumping into the boat. There are
many fish like.
Creatures. There are. There are
other.
Creatures that that there's
there are, there are.
What does it look like birds,
birds but have fish bodies
flying through the sky.
That's a oh, I see the the the
really bright thing that perhaps
looks like a moon actually has
fish characteristics too. It's
got a tail and.
And and the fin. And then
there's another fish, maybe tend
to be more moon-like.
To the right of the picture
floating through the sky.
And there are elephants.
Elephant creatures.
On somehow floating above the
surface of the sea. And there's
a leopard and a zebra.
And and the horse. So it's a
it's a weird and wonderful.
Picture of of things that.
Don't are really out of place.
And now we see a a night picture
and what looks like a genuine
Crescent moon in the in the top
right.
The little boat is floating on
the surface of the water and
underneath there are fish with
with glowing eyes that are seem
to be focused their attention on
the boat as of the the closer
you get to the boat the more of
these fish there there are and
they are arrayed around.
The the boat and then the stuff
in the sky. There are many, many
stars. You can see one planet
with rings and.
And and.
Maybe a dense nebula, maybe the
like the Milky Way. So it's a
peaceful but maybe slightly
threatening scene because of the
way these fish are looking at
the boat.
Now we see a close up of the
boat and these fish are really
packed in around it. They're all
there are, there are hundreds of
them and they're all.
Packed around the boat, looking
at it intently from every
direction.
Now the boat is is floating in
more open water. There are a few
fish around, but not as many as
there were before and.
It's still a night scene and
there are these curtains of
light up in the up in the sky.
With.
The the the lower edge of the of
the curtain is. It's brighter
and it's almost as if the
curtain is made-up of.
Vertical filaments with, that
are that are.
A brighter or thicker at the
bottom so that there's this kind
of.
This fringe effect and these
curtains are just hanging in the
night sky there and they're
somewhat translucent because you
can see the stars through them.
And now they bought is
approaching a large iceberg
which is floating them in the
water.
The iceberg is is triangular,
has a wedge kind of shape.
And the the little boat is now.
This is, this is 2 images, are
on the left. The boat is.
It's floating in a in a in a sea
with with patches of ice and
it's seems to be passing under.
An arch. Maybe it's a an opening
in the in the iceberg.
And in the right hand picture,
it's gone further into the this
network of tunnels which we
assume is is is under the under
the iceberg and it's it's
winding its way through these
archways.
{Excuse me, I just have to have
a little drink of water. OK? I'm
getting a little getting a
little horse. Just hold on a
SEC.}
OK, so now again two scenes on
this page.
We see.
The the boat.
It's on the outside, I think of
the of the iceberg. Maybe it's
passed through and there is a.
A lamp that has come out of the
sea and is shining its light on
this on this boat.
Umm.
And in the right hand page we
see.
Umm.
A creature.
That, uh, that looks like a
diver, but it's really.
More like a fish. It's got a
tank, ohh a kind of a air tank
on on its back. It's got a a
hose which goes up to the
surface there, there.
And it it's got, it's got fishy
like hands in which it's holding
the little boat.
There are.
Umm.
There are holes in its helmet
and it looks like there is water
pouring out of the holes in the
helmets. It has the number 08 on
that on that helmet.
So it's it's it's like it's a
diver, but it's really made out
of fish and that there's a.
That light that was shining on
the boat, we we see it's still
shining on the boat, but the
The cord or the
Of of the light the the bracket
of the the light is is now going
up to the top of the picture.
It's not clear how it's
supported, and there are in fact
there are a couple of these
lights on flexible stalks which
are one one is shining off into
the distance.
And and down below, there's
there's something.
Else with a number 05 on it that
is as a similar.
set of holes, maybe it's another
creature like this with water
coming out of the the holes that
look like they're in the place
of eyes.
It's.
Right.
And now
Little boat and one of these
flexible stalks with a light on
it.
Is approaching 2.
Large. Oh no.
Yes, this is a single picture.
It's it's approaching 2 large
ships.
One of the ships is spewing a
lot of dark.
Smoke, it has a.
Harpoon gun on its prow and
anchors hanging down.
That's further away. The one on
the right is is closer towards
you. You see a set of doors in
the water line of the ship.
And.
There are these curious bulges
in the side of the the ship.
It's you'd almost think they
were they were baskets hanging
down but they look like they're
part of the structure of the of
the the ship and it too is
belching very dark smoke. You
see its anchor and and in fact
you see those doors in the water
line at the other ship although
it's further away and so they're
smaller.
You see the wake, but anyway the
the the little boat is just
approaching these, so let's see
what's next.
Now.
His again, there are two scenes
here.
Umm.
In one, little boat is.
Going under a dark night sky
with many clouds, there are
birds which mostly seem to be.
Falling down, diving into the
water, one has dived into the
boat and you see it hanging over
the over the side, but mostly
they're just diving into the
water and on the right.
Uh.
I can't even see the little boat
in this one, but.
Again, birds are flying down,
but the the main thing is that
it's a it's a big oil drilling
platform, belching, belching,
lots of smoke, and it has
cranes, one of which has a
large.
Fish at the end of the of the
crane.
So now.
The little you we see the little
boat again.
And.
I think it has approached the
the oil drilling.
Platform.
And in this platform there are a
series of windows.
Out of which there are.
Creatures.
Who are who are shooting rifles,
one of which hits the little
boat and goes through the the,
the top and.
There's also a.
I don't know. Uh, it's like a
jet ski combined with a a paddle
steamer. It's, it's it's like a
almost like a a a motor bike for
the for the sea with a with a
man.
On it. And they're, they're,
these people are shooting at
that.
That craft too, and we also see
a big grappling.
Hook.
Which is hanging down from this
platform above the surface of
the sea. And maybe in the
background there are there are
big sea creatures. Sea monsters,
they're they're indistinct
though. And then the right hand
portion of this picture.
We see.
The the man who had been driving
this craft.
It looks like the craft is about
to to sink. The the tank on top
of it, which probably held the
the fuel is.
Is sparks or coming out of it.
That looks like the the the
craft is about to sink. The man
is standing on the end of the
craft, which is tilted up, but
the little boat's there, you see
the hole and its and its sail.
That they, the men have made,
but it has a a.
A life preserver a one of those
rings.
And it's.
Presumably gonna offer that to
the man whose craft is is
sinking.
And, and now indeed, we see that
the the man has has has got into
the life preserver ring. He's in
the seas, being towed by this
little boat and.
No.
Trying to see whether this is a.
This, this is 2 there's two
distinct pictures actually, but
on the left that we have the man
being towed by the boat with the
sea and very stormy looking sea,
and on the right we see.
We see a really weird scene.
There, there is a a boat.
There are. There's a, there's a
mast, there are creatures. Looks
like the the the demon from the
from the first page. Instead of
a a sail, it has.
A kite but but it seems to be
going. They are the opposite way
from which the kite would be
pulling. There are.
Umm.
Oh no, it's it's going away.
It's going to the right. And
because you see the rudder on
the back of the craft and
hanging over the back, there's a
horse with spots.
A deer with a big rack of
antlers.
Looks like a zebra with, with,
with checkers.
A ghost like creature. So maybe
other two aliens looking over
the edge of this this craft.
And something with a elephant,
no that's a tail. So there are,
there are, there are lots of
weird creatures, all but there's
a normal looking cat also on the
mast of this of this ship.
Anyway, it is proceeding to the
to the right.
And now we see a big wave, a big
breaking wave and the little
boat, little paper boat is going
up the the.
The the the front of this
breaking wave, it looks like
it's going to get swamped.
Um and.
We see that. I think this is
this is a single picture. On on
on this one, across both pages
we see that.
This boat.
It's going away from from this,
from this wave. Its, the kite
that is its sail has has broken,
and there are two.
Creatures that look, childlike,
the the the creatures. Maybe
they're the ones who brought the
sail, not sure. But they're
they're standing on the the ribs
of the of the of the kite.
The.
Creature with horns is still on
the top of the the mast. The cat
is walking along a a thin rope
towards the broken kite sail and
the other creatures that we saw
before are still.
On this this boat, one of them.
One of the.
Creatures with very strange.
Creature with strange horns and
strange nose has the has a wheel
steering wheel where he's trying
to to guide the this strange
boat.
And now we see there again two
scenes, one with the little
boat.
on a choppy sea and this there's
a thunderstorm. The Lightning is
is arcing down from the from the
sky and striking the surface of
the sea and on the right.
We see a paper airplane.
Zooming through a a dark sky
above the surface of the of the
choppy ocean.
Two scenes again.
The little boats is.
Approaching.
A series of arches. One's, one
suspects that these arches are
in fact a serpent like sea
creature, or one or more serpent
like sea creatures. This little
boat is going under the arch of
one of them.
And and the right hand we see.
A tentacle.
Uh.
Of of this the sea creature, you
know, but one of one of the
arches has has raised its end
up, and we see it. It's in fact
a creature with a tentacle or or
even a mouth. And it is.
Holding.
A piece of paper and and it
looks more like the paper
airplane than the paper boat. So
maybe it's snagged it from the
sky.
We. We.
We now on the on the left hand
side we see.
The head, So what and I I think
that's confirming that it was
more of a.
Head than a than actual tentacle
of of the sea creature. And it
is, it is looking around and.
It's it's probably looking at
the little paper boat which is
sailing in through the arches of
the of this sea creature. But
looking in and and following
what the little boat is doing,
we see two other creatures, one
with a.
A long Unicorn like horn.
And one with a.
A long elephantine like snout,
both of which have glowing eyes
and are watching the little the
little boat go in under these
tentacle, under these arches of
the sea creature.
And now the scene changes again
as it's a single scene.
The little boat is in the choppy
sea and.
No it's not. It's two, it's two.
It's two scenes in the left hand
scene the we see that these two
creatures, the one with the long
Unicorn like horn and the one
with the elephantine spout
there.
The the the secret for his this
serpent like sequencer is not
there anymore but out of the
nose of the Unicorn like
creature, 2 streams of water are
pouring and they're pouring into
the little paper boat and and
and are perhaps going to sink it
as the elephantine creature
looks on.
And then in the right-hand
picture we see a.
Of a fish like creature but with
legs. So it's it's a kind of a
humanoid fish like creature
where they the arms are like
fins and the legs are human like
except they have webbed feet.
It's standing on the shore, the
shore.
With a lot of.
Junk, a bottle, A can, and and
some.
Propeller like.
debris.
Looking out over to see where it
sees the little paper boat which
may be.
May be sinking that it looks
like it's partly under the sea.
OK.
And now the little boat actually
is sinking and you see it's it's
I think it's under the water in
the midst of a whole bunch of of
jellyfish and the little bubbles
are are coming out of it, moving
towards the surface.
And in the right hand picture we
see more jellyfish.
1.
Big.
Jellyfish like creature, but
which is not as transparent as
the other jellyfish and seems to
have more of a big body.
But we don't see the little ship
anymore.
And now
The ship is is floating again,
two scenes floating under the
water, and it seems to have
hooked up with a Shoal of fish
or that kind of flattish fish
all going in the in the same
direction.
And there's one fish down below
this shoal kind of floating
upside down, looking up and in
the right hand picture we have.
Uh.
The paper boat.
Following a.
I guess it's a. It's a.
it's hard to tell. It's it's not
exactly a jellyfish it's.
More of a.
Octopus.
It's got tentacles. It's squid
like, I don't know, it's it's
it's weird. And then there are
there are other little sea
creatures.
Fishlike and.
With.
The kinds of things that propel
themselves by squirting water
out the back.
And.
OK.
And now we.
Let's see.
Two scenes. One,
There are.
Creatures that that that the the
paper boat is down on the floor
of the ocean there are.
Creatures.
With many.
Many legs and antenna coming out
of their heads and they're kind
of swarming over the little boat
and this is a bright light, like
a spotlight shining down on the
boat.
And these creatures that are on
top of it.
And then in the right hand
picture we see.
Submarine.
Which has.
Got the little
Paper boat on its nose and looks
like it may be going up back
towards the surface.
There are.
Fish swimming around the
submarine.
With glowing eyes, the eyes make
a kind of.
A V shape with the with the.
The two eyes point in slightly
different directions and the
light makes it kind of V shape
in front of them. And underneath
all of this there is a a large
sea serpent that is observing
what is going on.
So the the submarine gets to the
surface.
With the little paper boat on
its nose so it's it comes above
the surface and the water pours
out of the little paper boat.
They swing below the below the
submarine. And then the right
hand picture we see the little
paper bowl apparently floating.
Along, uh, well, on its own.
And it's next to a.
A boat, maybe a fishing boat.
With which is being attacked by
a giant squid.
With glowing eyes. And there's a
there's a man's standing on top
of the cabin of this fishing
boat.
And it's not looking that good
for the.
But the boat and one of the
tentacles of this squid has a,
can't quite see what it is, but
it it's it's some kind of maybe
it's something that it's taken
from the from the boat, some
circular thing.
Now we see some seals on the on
the left from one of the seals
has got is bouncing the paper
boat on its nose while the
other.
3 seals look on in amazement
and.
Umm.
Down, down below other seals are
doing graceful.
Acrobatic moves.
Under the water and then in the.
Right hand picture.
We see.
kind of underwater.
Forest of seaweed the there's a
seal.
Maybe it's the same picture, but
there's a discontinuity, so I
think it's 2 pictures.
The the the forest with with
fish swimming.
Through it and.
Various vegetation growing
there.
Now we see.
The little boat floating above.
This underwater forest. There
are.
Fish and.
Umm.
And I don't know, anemones,
Jellyfish like creatures.
That's on the left hand picture.
But on the right hand picture we
we see.
A diver.
From below the surface.
Umm.
And I'm trying to make out
whether this so there's a
there's a creature or serpent
like.
Creature with with with stripes.
There there is some.
Oh I see it's it's a Pearl
inside a giant clamshell that is
much bigger than the man, and
and he is has jacked it open
with a with a with a giant Jack.
You can see the the the lever
used to open this thing. So.
He needs that because otherwise
it would close and and eat him
or trap him. And he's got a
shining Pearl out of this, this
oyster. I guess it's an oyster.
And the little boat
Floats above this scene.
OK, in the left hand panel we
see the little boat.
Next to uh.
A buoy, well, or little floating
lighthouses. It's bigger than
most buoys. The
The diver.
Has a a bag with pearls that
he's got. He's riding this
striped.
Sea creature.
There are.
Other creatures climbing the
sides of this buoy and.
Uh, a
Another creature sitting on the
edge of it and the little boat
is kind of next to this and it's
looking at what's going on and
then on the right hand side.
The scene changes, and we see a
large lighthouse on a rock.
There's a girl standing on the
rock at the foot of the
lighthouse. And behind it is
another oddly shaped Dome, like
almost like a a silo in the same
markings as the lighthouse, but
it's not the lighthouse, and we
see a.
Uh, a large
Ship, A liner maybe, in the
background and the smaller ship
on the on the right and the
little boat is floating by
looking at all of this.
And now we see.
A pier.
A pier that, very long pier that
goes out from the from the
shore.
It's actually two scenes because
of this. It's it's, it's
disconnected. But on the left
hand side we see the edge, we we
see the end of the pier, which
is circular in shape.
And we see it above and below
the water line and the little
boat is is floating past it and
then the right hand side we see.
The the long arm of the pier as
it comes out from the from the
shore.
With um.
a couple of boats going along
the side of it. There is a a
huge tall sailing ship with a.
With some kind of creature on on
top of it.
it's got wings or.
Something it's hard to see, it's
it's quite small.
And uh.
Fish and seaweed.
Below.
The little boat is not in that
scene.
And now we see.
The little boat.
By the side of a of a huge boat
with a with a.
Bulbous
prow beneath the.
The water and you don't even see
the top of the boat, but you do
see the the anchor on its side.
There's a.
A smaller.
boat with a I don't know. It's
a, it's a.
Maybe a a fan or a wind
propeller that is.
Helping the boat boat move,
although it does have a regular.
propeller. But it's it's.
It's much smaller than the than
the huge boat, although much
bigger than the paper boat and.
Behind that is a a small sailing
boat which I don't know whether
it's being towed by this medium
sized boat or.
But it's it's it's in a strange
angle. It's got its prow angled
up towards the stern of this
medium sized boat. Medium sized
boat has an interesting
projection on the bottom, which
is like a an observation.
bulge which allows people to go
down and see.
In the background and under the
water we see the the submarine
from before with this
distinctive check pattern.
And again two scenes. One is.
Um.
Uh, whale like creature it's got
it's got the pipe from before,
so we saw this before. It's got
some.
A tank on the back. It's got one
of these.
Looks like it's a a shower.
Putting water on the top of this
this creature, there's a man on
the end of a large kind of
cherry picker type.
Thing going up towards this this
creature.
Two men in a small boat by the
side of a medium sized boat, the
to the right.
And and oh and it's a it's a
dock and this creature has two
small feet which is put on the
the the dock and the the the
bulk of it is still in in the
water and the guy in the cherry
picker is I guess going up to
investigate what this creature
is all about and on the right
hand side we see two large.
Liners.
With one medium size ship.
boat in in the in the
foreground. See the the the
little paper boat here.
There were people lining the
decks.
Of this, of this large ship.
And people on the dock looking
up.
Um, we see, again two panels. We
see the little boat in the in
the water.
Umm.
There's an industrial scene in
the in the background with
cranes and.
Chimneys and smoke and.
A smallish.
Boat in the in the foreground
with somebody hanging up his
washing on the the boat's
rigging.
A Windsock on the top of the
mast and a umbrella like
creature.
umbrella like structure.
Above.
Somebody who's who's steering
this this boat.
And on the right we see.
Umm.
Well, it looks kind of like the
submarine.
With a.
A man and a steering wheel in a
in this bulbous.
Thing, the front of it, but it
it's being held vertically by by
a crane and it's.
Looks partially like a machine,
but partially like a a creature
because it's got this curly tail
and it's being hoisted out of
the water anyway by this, by
this crane. There are two people
standing on the balcony of this
of this crane.
Conferring. One has a has some
kind of check check board,
Some kind of clipboard.
We see a huge wall above them.
On the left hand side we see a.
a cityscape in the background
with a with a boat in the in the
foreground that has.
Uh, in a net captured some some
kind of creature it's it's. I
think it's the one of those ones
with that has the.
Water pouring out of the above
but also and the that's more
like a nose and you see two
glowing spots which which could
well be eyes. The the little
boat, little paper boat is next
to this.
Boat, there's a there's a sailor
hanging over the side and.
And a dog or something that's
like a dog also hanging over the
side. The boat has a has a
certain serpent design on its
side and a flag with a with a
fish.
On the right hand side we have.
It's like a harbour scene. There
is a.
It's hard to say whether it's a
boat or whether it's a it's a
house. I think it's a boat.
Because you see ropes tying it
up. The the word is Exploratio.
Which is like the name of the
boat, but up above it's it's
like a it's like a house that
has chimneys and it has uh
windows and roofs like a house.
It's tied up to the to the dark
and a second boat.
Is on the right hand side of the
dock. {I am going to sneeze.
Excuse me?
Thank you and.}
Uh.
There is a. There's a large.
Mast.
I think it belongs to the boat
on the left.
And uh.
The little.
Paper boat is.
Umm.
Come up to the to the side of
the dock and there's a there's a
set of stairs leading down to
the water, and a man is on those
stairs right next to the little
little paper boat.
And now we see.
Very much of a of a of a
cityscape with.
Uh.
A river, I guess it's a river
with the little paper boat on on
the river.
And there are arches over this
river that look like.
Houses, with House, house
windows.
Umm.
There are tall buildings in this
city.
Some of which look like. I don't
know.
They they they have spires with.
Uh.
Lights uh placed to look like
like eyes. So it's almost like
the people with with hoods.
There's a tower.
With a strange creature on it.
It's, it's, it's it's it's like
this creature we we saw before,
which is that the head of a
fish, the legs of a of a of a
man with webbed feet and arms,
which are.
Which are like fins and.
It has a.
Some contraption attached to its
back, which is which is like a
set of.
Propellers.
OK.
Umm.
And now they there are two
panels here. The
Little boat.
It is on the water but next to a
set of stairs coming down. The
the diver that had been
collecting the pearls is is
there, but there are other
creatures as as well.
The the that we see the
childlike.
Creatures that were on the the
broken.
Kite sail we see uh a kite sail
which is not broken. We see.
A man, you know.
in a clown like.
Costume with arms outspread.
We we see.
The the reindeer like creature.
Oh we see the.
The the the demon with the horns
that we saw initially riding the
spotted horse. We see that the
cat we've seen before and
they're all in the process of
ascending these stairs out of
the water.
Umm.
And.
And then the right hand side, we
see the series of arches these
these building like arches.
With over the relatively narrow
river channel.
And stairs.
On the on the left.
With with people.
There is the the the creature
that the the the diver.
Rode to help collect the.
The pearls and it looks like
it's probably the diver.
Sitting on the stairs next to
that creature which is still in
the water because you see the
helmet and the the tank which he
has taken off.
{OK, we have two pages left.
OK.}
Again, two panels.
On the on the left we see.
water
Next to a wall with stairs.
There are there are Street lamps
on the, that light the Road.
which is going by the side of
the water at the top of the
wall.
We see a submarine.
With the distinctive checkered
pattern. And it has a.
Name ICTINEDINED.
ID, it's a little hard, there's
not a an obvious word, and there
are fish.
With their heads out of the
water.
{I am going to sneeze and taking
a drink. OK.}
And on the right hand side we
see.
The little paper boat.
Umm.
Floating by the submarine with
his tail in the left.
And we we see also the other
side of the channel is another,
another set of stairs. There's a
small.
boat.
Again, it's it's illuminated by.
Street lights. There's stars in
the sky.
And.
A boat.
Next to the paper boat,
Small boat, which is I think
tied up to the to the dock, and
there's something on it I can't
quite see. It's it's like a.
Almost like a string of pearls
on.
Something that's inside the
boat, but I Can't make out what
it is.
OK.
And.
Here we see the on the left of
the paper boat.
Is approaching.
This, the water is broader here.
It's approaching.
The side of the.
Uh.
Of the water, the the the wall
again, the the kind of stairs
leading down, and there's a
house at the top of the stairs.
With a with a street light above
it and a light at the the
window. we see. And then there
are six.
Panels in the right hand side.
On one we see.
The boat and there's a faint
shadow.
With within the boat, maybe it's
because it's behind the the sail
of the the boat. Then we see
more distinctly, There there is
a.
A human like creature.
In this boat, and.
He is getting out of the
Of the boat.
And the boat is actually getting
fainter, and as he gets out of
the boat and starts going up the
stairs, the boat is fainter
still.
Umm.
And he ascends the stairs. The
top of the stairs we see a pair
of white legs. He he he is, he's
he's black all black all over
with various designs. And then
we see.
Him meeting.
Whoever it is has the has the
white legs at the top of the
stairs. We just see the the legs
from the knees down.
#END_wanderer
All right, that was the story.
And.
Hello 1.
Let's keep going here so this
next one will be a one page
complex scene.
Uh-huh. Right. So here we go.
#START_deep_sea_divers All
right, here's another Waldo
scene, the deep sea divers.
And.
What we see is.
A sea scene on the surface.
There are.
A large number of of small boats
that are basically.
Row boats.
Many of them have people
fishing. There there are also
some islands.
In this.
In this scene there are mermaids
on top of some.
People fishing on top of of
some.
Umm.
One of the islands, at least, is
actually a creature.
And there are people fishing off
it, but it also has a mouth
which is about to swallow one of
the small boats.
There are.
On another of the islands,
there's a an arc of fish jumping
over the top of the.
Of the island.
Umm.
The one of the boats is.
Sinking.
With one person clinging to it,
another person looking like they
might be drowning.
Below the surface there are a
lot of.
Different.
Creatures.
There are. There are people.
Umm.
Who are swimming just below the
surface. There are lots of fish.
Of different kinds. Some big
fish, some small fish.
There's a swordfish.
There are some people.
Well under the surface of the
water, and they may have.
Water tanks on their on their
back or something. Bubbles
coming up from them.
The fishes are making various
patterns. There's a one making a
a smiley face with red fish
around the outside, Green mouth,
2 blue eyes, and the orange
nose.
There are fish making three
arrows.
There's a there are red fish
making the shape of a larger
fish.
Down on the the floor.
There are.
There, there are people standing
on the floor of the ocean. There
are.
There's one.
Large fish with with eyes which
is looking at.
Some people who maybe they may
be drawing on the side of this
fish.
There, uh, there's a an octopus.
There's.
That's a.
there's I guess.
Coral.
There are.
Let's see what else is
interesting.
There's some.
There are some.
sea snakes, green sea snakes.
There's one, really.
Large fish which has been hooked
by one of the boaters.
And it looks like it's much
bigger than the the boat and
maybe about.
Eat it when when it comes up to
the surface.
#END_deep_sea_divers
That was about 5 minutes, so we
could go on to the next one.
Which is the story?
OK.
#START_journey Alright, so we're
now back to the the guy with the
magic markers. Here's the the
boy with the striped shirt.
There are other.
Boys on, one's on a bike,
they're doing a high five and a
girl on a skateboard. It's a
street scene where we see
traffic lights and the building.
And uh, we see on the next page
that the girl.
With a red scooter, looks like
it might have been drawn by one
of the magic pencils. The father
no longer has a drafting board,
he's got a computer that he's
looking at.
There's, uh downstairs. There's
a woman, mother, maybe in the
kitchen, and there's another
child lying on a couch on on the
2nd floor in the room next to
the father.
And.
The mother's talking on the on
the phone, while while cooking.
The girl brings the red scooter
inside and the mother's,
ignoring the girl. The father's
working on his computer and
ignoring the girl. She's got the
kite, a red kite next to her and
the.
Uh, the girl is also trying to
attract the attention of what is
maybe her older sister, looks
bigger, but she's on the couch
reading a book, and it's also
ignoring her. So the girl goes
to her room, where there's a the
cat. She sits on the bed.
And is bored.
The so now we see the the girl
getting up from the bed. The cat
is leaving the room. Then she
spies the the Red pencil on the
floor. There are also pieces of
paper on the on the floor. So
she picks up the red pencil. She
draws a door in the wall and she
goes through the through the
door leaving the pencil and
paper behind.
And there she is in this other
world, the door is a is a door
out of the base of a tree. And
there are, there are, there are.
There is a forest with a stream
running through it. There are
lanterns, blue lanterns with
lights and and and green lights
strung from the from the trees.
So she stands on a little dock
in the in the stream that is
running through this forest and
a.
There's something in the water
with a with a
It's like a red propeller.
Maybe moving towards them, maybe
moving away, probably moving
away because of propellers.
Towards the girl. But anyway she
lies down in the dock and she
draws herself a boat with the
Magic Pencil and gets in the
boat.
And she's on this waterway.
Which is going towards big the
Big city which are which they
visited before in previous
stories.
And, uh, she, she's she's going
to go over this aqueduct into
the into the city.
And now
She's.
On an aqueduct and it's there's
a series of of of locks that
allow the the the boats to move
around and change levels.
And there are there are soldiers
who.
Who seems to be greeting her
enthusiastically. One is
saluting.
And um.
Other.
other boats are moving around
this system of waterways through
the through the city.
OK.
Now she gets to the end of one
of these waterways and it's
actually a a big waterfall.
And her boat is about to go off
the edge of of this of this
waterfall.
And the boat is is is falling
and she's falling, but she's she
manages to draw.
a circle with this with her
Magic Pen, which is probably
gonna save her from whatever
fall she is in. Sure enough,
it's so it's a balloon.
And she floats away.
From the disaster.
And um.
In the next page we see a flying
machine.
In the sky it looks like a a
paddle wheel.
boat with the rear section of a
of a of a planes propeller. It's
it's going through the sky and
and there are also these smaller
crafts which are like balloons
with with with boat like
platforms below them. And we see
our old friend the the purple
bird flying through the sky
beneath these, these uh the
aerial craft.
And the the girl is.
In the in the basket of the
balloon.
She may be following one of
these.
No, no it's coming towards it
because the propellers are back
so she's she's meeting one of
these these.
Crafts and.
In one of them there is a, I
guess they're soldiers and one
is trying to catch the the
purple bird with a net.
And in fact, they've succeeded
in catching the purple bird.
It's in the, in their cage, and
it's being loaded onto this
larger.
Flying Machine which is which is
like a combination paddle
Wheeler and plane and and ship.
And the girl is approaching
this.
This flying contraption in her
in her balloon.
And she gets she, she she lands
on this, this machine and.
She's running towards a doorway
and and.
In this machine, and on a
different level up above, we see
the soldiers.
Carrying the cage containing the
purple bird, and they're moving
into a different part of the of
the machine.
And the the the cage in the next
picture is placed on this
pedestal in this.
Pagoda like structure which is
on top, it's part of the this
this flying machine and we see
the the girl climbing up towards
this pagoda which where the bird
is guarded by two of the
soldiers.
The the.
The soldiers are startled by the
the girl, who grabs the cage
with the purple bird in it and
and runs away.
She goes out onto the very prow
of this ship, opens the cage and
lets the purple bird fly away.
but soldiers are are chasing
after her, and you, You also see
some of the insides of this this
flying machine. It's very
complicated.
Pipes and wheels and stuff.
The soldiers grab the girl and
her.
Red pencil.
Flies out of her hands and off
the edge of this this platform.
Or or maybe actually they they
one of the soldiers, the the guy
who looks like the head soldier
that actually picked it up and
dropped it over the side because
you see his arm outstretched
above it.
And.
The soldiers then put the girl
in a.
Larger.
It's almost like a cage, but
it's it's it's a kind of a
pagoda. Well, it's it's some
kind of structure that is is
like a I don't know.
It's a platform with with with
sides.
And there there there are
lowering it from the the tail of
the the flying machine.
But.
The Purple Bird has has somehow
intercepted her red pencil and
is flies it towards the girl and
in this.
Contraption.
cage like contraption and.
That gives it to the girl.
Uh, who starts to
Draw Something. The bird watches
very excitedly.
And the girl, in fact, has drawn
a magic carpet which allows her
to leave.
The
The most effectively was a cage
and fly over.
The city with the bird leading
the way.
And we see the girl flying
through.
The.
The Sunset, sunsetting sky, lots
of stars. The the birds are
leading the way out over the
water.
So maybe it's not a water
because there's a tree growing,
but anyway. But the girl is
escaping from the city with with
the bird in the lead.
And she gets.
To.
A tree. The the the bird.
Leads to a tree, and there's a
purple door in the base of this
palm tree.
She opens the door.
The boat flies through and she
follows.
And she actually comes out.
in uh through a mailbox in the
the street where she started
from. The purple bird's flying,
and the the the boy with the
striped shirt is running towards
them.
And he has a magic pencil.
a Purple one.
The.
The boy greets the the girl. The
the purple bird lands on his on
his hand, maybe using his magic
pencil as a as a perch. The girl
uses her magic pencil to draw a
circle and and the boy draws,
uses his to draw a circle. Hers
is red, his is purple.
And um, they together make a.
A bicycle. Those two circles
with the wheels of the bicycle
is a tandem bicycle.
And they set off.
Somewhere.
Along the along the street with
the purple bird accompanying
them. #END_journey
That was the story.
And then going ahead, another
complex scene.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, this
is being a pirate.
So we see a a water scene. There
is a a large sailing ship.
Um.
The the, the masts are are
furled but there are there are
people that have climbed up the
mast and are standing on the on
the spires that go out from the
side of the mast.
Some of them are pirates.
Umm.
That there are smaller boats.
I think they they the bigger
boat is being attacked by
pirates. One of the smaller
boats has a A Jolly Roger flag
on its uh stern. Another of the
boats is is firing a cannon at
the the the large boats were and
it hits the the top of the mast
and.
People, sailors are getting
knocked off the mast. There are
a lot of people on the on the
deck of the the boat, some of
whom are are are pirates and
some of them are are sailors and
their.
They're fighting. I I I believe
there are. There's a another.
Large boat on the left, you just
see the stern.
But.
It it has a Jolly Roger flag
and.
It looks like that's where the
small boats are are.
Embarking from and the, the
Pirates from there are attacking
the the largest ship in the
middle.
There is a third sailing ship.
Which has three Jolly Roger flag
flags on it.
And.
It is being attacked itself by.
I believe it's sailors.
One of the sailors has been
captured and is being made to
walk the plank at the rear of
this other ship. There there are
other.
Pirates on the.
On the mast of of this ship,
one's uh in the crows nest
looking out, some others are on
the the spires one maybe, Looks
like one maybe.
Drinking rum, presumably.
That there is a.
Uh, you also see the shore, and
there are there are people on
the shore dressed in these
striped blue uniforms. Those are
the ones attacking the the the
Pirate ship.
We actually see Waldo there and
on the on the on the shore, on
standing on a on a tree.
Umm.
Uh.
The the so there are some
pirates attacking the people on
the shore too, once they're
having a cannon and.
Knocking, knocking a tree down.
Umm.
Some some of the smaller boats
have been have been sunk.
We see a. We also see a a sea
creature.
A giant squid which is attacking
some of the people in the in the
boat. #END_being_a_pirate
OK. So that's about time we can
go on to the next one.
#START_wild_west Well, we we
have actually two scenes here
called the Wild, Wild West.
And on the left hand side.
We see a street scene. There's
there's a hotel. There's a
general store, there's a saloon,
there's a jail all labeled as
such. There's there's more than
one saloon, there's several
saloons.
Uh, and there's another hotel.
The.
Covered wagons.
which seem to be Patched up in
various.
Ways. We see.
We see a herd.
Of Buffalo. But the Buffalo
aren't real Buffalo. They're
actually cards of some some
kind. Very strange. There's a
there's a horse tied up at the
hitching post in front of the
saloon.
There are.
are um
Looks like on top of the hotel
somebody is holding up a group
of people pointing a gun at
them.
In the in the to the.
Left we see mines, which to
maybe gold digging mines.
On the jail, I guess it's the
Sheriff's Office too. We see
wanted pictures on the side.
We, we, we we also see that.
Some of the the the the building
on the on the bottom left is a
is just a facade. It's not a
real building with any depth,
although it has a a.
A balcony, but there's nothing
behind it. There's no
substantial.
Building behind it.
There are people walking in the
in the street. There's a horse.
Which is.
Seems to be painting a picture
of a of a wagon to the surprise
of people.
Around them.
Maybe I should move to the
To the to the right hand side
picture.
Here we see, uh, there's a,
there's a.
A train.
With train tracks.
Uh, and there's a Stagecoach
which looks like it's maybe
stuck on the on the train
tracks, and there are men trying
to lift it up and get it off
there. There's a.
The.
There again there are several
saloons with with with
balconies.
It's mixed up with a with a
bank. It all these things, or
several of them, seem to be just
facades and and there are people
painting.
Things and.
Trying to make things ready,
maybe for a for a movie set. Up
at the top, there's a man.
On a horse riding off into the
sunset, but in fact.
It turns out that he's he's just
bumping into a picture of a of a
of a sunset.
And and you see the.
The movie camera and the movie
crew trying to.
Trying to film this scene,
people are are waving goodbye to
this man who was trying to ride
off into the into the scenery
sunset. #END_wild_west
OK, so that was about 5 minutes.
Yeah, last. This one is also
part of a graphic novel.
Because.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 So this is the.
The one with the with the sepia
tones and strange creatures. We
see a a pot
Uh.
with a light behind the pot. A
flying creature.
Approaches the pot and lands on
the edge of the pot.
Umm.
We we we now see a, A, a
broader, the camera pulls back a
little and and we see.
A mirror with a man.
writing.
and he's dipping his pen in ink.
And there, there is a
A lamp, which is what made the
the light in the above picture.
We see a closer up of what he's
writing, although we can't read
it and there are some money next
to the next to the ink pot.
He's he's finished what he's
writing and he folds it up and
makes a an origami.
Bird, and he puts that.
In his it's it's an envelope. He
puts the bird in an envelope.
I think it puts the money in in
the envelope too and seals the
envelope and put the stamp on
it.
He's he's going down the stairs
now, away from his apartment,
accompanied by.
His, his like I called it the
mouse like creature in the last
times so let's
Carry on. It might be more like
dog like but anyway mouse like
and he meets a an older.
Woman, and he's asking her maybe
where he can mail this letter,
and he approaches this.
Machine with with the bunch of
buttons on it and.
He reads the directions and
pulls a knob on this machine. A
door opens and he puts the
letter in it.
And he's looking up and he sees.
Some kind of balloon lift this
whole machine away, and away
goes and takes his letter with
it, and he walks away.
Through this forest of leaf like
trees.
We we focus in on one of these
leaf like trees. There is rain.
The tree splits and out of it
grows.
A plant, so with a circular
flower. The flower gets big and
bright.
And then
It's it starts to fade, it dark
gets dark and it's it's it
decays away, but there's still
the framework of the of the leaf
left.
And maybe we and now we see.
A different evolution. Maybe
it's a.
A different tree, the the leaf
splits again. There's a, there's
a circular flower that comes up
and it's bright and then fades
and.
What's left is is just a
framework of the of the leaf and
it starts to snow.
Uh, I think maybe I was reading
them the wrong sequence. It it
went across the way, now it
never. Anyway, never mind.
That's the basic thing. The
flower blooms and then decays
away. We we now see a different
scene.
A cityscape. Big building with
lots of windows. It's it's a
winter scene. It's snowing.
There are there are people.
Down on on the ground, small,
people are tiny compared to
these buildings.
Unusual. Some, some unusual.
Shapes of pyramids and fin like
things that there are this.
Almost looks like a A flying
machine close to the ground,
boat like flying machine.
And then in the right hand
picture, we we're, we're down
closer to the ground and we get.
More.
Images of the the the.
Pyramid like structure that
those the chimneys there are.
Various machines floating
through the air.
And again the ground is is is
covered with with snow very
gloomy theme.
And now we're, we're, we're,
we're back in a in a in a room.
The.
There are little things popping
out of the pot that we saw
before. The the wing creature
comes and we see that they're
they're small.
Children of this wing creature
and the the creature has come to
to feed them. We we pull back
and we see.
Uh.
The the man looking at a a
picture of a of a family with
this pot in in the background.
It's in the it's in a window, in
fact, with the wing creature
peeking its little ones, and the
the man sitting on his bed
looking at this picture. There's
a desk.
And and and just a kind of a a
bedroom scene with the with the
mouse like creature sitting on
the bed beside him. We focused
in on the the that mouse like.
Creature.
It it jumps off the bed, man
wonders where it's gone. And it
it goes down a ladder. The man
follows.
And.
We see a letter which is maybe a
reply to the letter the man
sent. He picks it up, opens it.
And there's the bird. Oh, So
what probably happened is that
this is a this is different,
man. I I think this this looks
like they.
The the The the father of the of
the boy who was in the previous
story. So maybe it's it's what
we call the man in the in the
first.
in the first story sent a letter
to the.
so what what we call the father
and and he's received it, sees
the little origami bird. Down
comes him using the ladder and
and looks out the window.
Wondering.
Like where does this come from
or how it came to be.
Maybe it was the mobile
letterbox that brought it and.
Here we see.
An origami.
Creature, which is maybe like
the one that fed the birds. The.
A mechanism, a clock like
mechanism, a hat on a peg.
A bowl with a creature in it.
A drawing of.
um a, one of the flying
machines.
A bell, a cup of coffee. The.
The man.
With the wife and daughter and
and money being given into a
little hand, which is probably
the girl's hand.
And.
Now we pull back and and what we
see is that all those are all
components of a a family scene.
With the with the the man.
Father I'm I'm I'm confused
about which man is which,
actually. That maybe the father
and the mother and the the girl
with the the.
That this this looks like the
original man that we're calling
the man, and one.
Clue is that the mouse like
creature is there too, but those
those individual snippets we saw
were little.
Pieces of of that, of that
family scene. So anyway the the
the girl puts her boots on, her
Wellington boots and.
The the mouse like creature
brings her hat. She puts that on
and they're they're going out.
Or for a walk.
And.
She finds something on the floor
which turns out to be this
bright thing, which she tosses
into the air. #END_arrival_6
OK, so that was the story.
Sorry, we're running over, but
we have one last complex scene
left. Yeah, let's finish it. OK.
#START_make_a_splash Making a
splash. so this is a a water
park scene.
And.
The at the top we see a bunch of
children waiting to go down one
of several water pipes. There's
a red one, yellow one, a green
one, and they all empty out into
this big pool where there are
there are lots of other.
Children, the there's a.
Uh.
A model of.
Pirate ship.
With a with a big slide also
going down into that same pool
with water. Oh, so somebody
actually has a.
Don't know whether it's a squirt
gun or something, but he's
pouring water out and landing on
the head of somebody in the in
the pool to their dismay.
We we see on the right hand side
another set of slides. They look
like maybe they're for for
racing. They're all parallel and
people are going down them and
landing in the in the water.
Um.
We we see.
A set of stepping stones.
Which seemed to be a little
unsteady. People are trying to
walk across them, but wobbling
and falling into the into the
water.
There's a little pier that goes
out into the middle of this pool
and what look maybe like parents
standing on the on the edge.
There's a Penguin in there
holding a a red something or
other.
The there are and and there's. I
see a Penguin in the in the
water too, next to this long
rideable.
Serpent like toy that the whole
whole bunch of kids are just
riding.
They.
There are some large balls in in
the water.
Umm.
There's a.
The side of the.
Of the of the pool separates the
main pool from what I think is
kind of a lazy river.
Kind of arrangement with people
floating along on rubber rings.
Even they're not safe from
getting squirted. Somebody is on
a bridge over that Lazy River.
Squirting one of the girls in in
the in one of the rubber rings.
By the side, there of the lazy
river, there's a grassy area
where people lounging around and
sunbathing.
Those are a model elephant.
By the side of the Lazy River
with water squirting out of its
trunk.
Over the lazy River, there's a
lifeguard.
Who who is just chatting and not
really paying attention to
anything.
Going on. #END_make_a_splash
What else?
OK. We can be done about it.
Yeah. Thank you.